Update the Introduction Page (#2)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: README.md

## What is Olympus?

> Olympus is an algorithmic currency protocol based on the $OHM token. It introduces unique economic and game-theoretic dynamics into the market through asset-backing and protocol-owned value. Read more about the game theory of Olympus [here](https://olympusdao.medium.com/the-game-theory-of-olympus-e4c5f19a77df).

Reviewer: - So far we called it PCV and POL. Protocol controlled value and protocol owned liquidity. Below a suggestion to word it properly. 
- I find it to be bad UX to give links names like `here` or `this`. I would like to try keeping link names more expressive. Let me know what you think about this. Below a suggestion for this as well. 

```suggestion
Olympus is an algorithmic currency protocol based on the $OHM token. It introduces unique economic and game-theoretic dynamics into the market through asset backing and protocol controlled value. Read more about the game theory of Olympus in [one of our blog posts](https://olympusdao.medium.com/the-game-theory-of-olympus-e4c5f19a77df).
```

Author: 1. Agree on the use of PCV
2. Good suggestion, it does look better and also prepare user for what is to come before clicking the link

## What is the point of Olympus?

Our goal is to build a policy-controlled currency system, in which the behavior of the $OHM token is controlled at a high level by the DAO. In the long term, we believe this system can be used to optimize for stability and consistency so that $OHM can function as a global unit-of-account and medium-of-exchange currency. In the short term, we intend to optimize the system for growth and wealth creation.

## How do I participate in Olympus?

> There are two main strategies for market participants: staking and bonding. Stakers lock their $OHM tokens in return for the protocol profit, while bonders provide locked liquidity in exchange for $OHM tokens after a fixed period of time.

Reviewer: - Maybe we could try preventing the term "locking" since we do not have any lockups implemented. Stakers just stake voluntarily. 
- Trying to get DAI bonds into the mix. Your call if this is cool. 

```suggestion
There are two main strategies for market participants: staking and bonding. Stakers stake their $OHM tokens in return for more $OHM tokens, while bonders provide LP or $DAI tokens in exchange for discounted $OHM tokens after a fixed vesting period.
```

Reviewer 2: Indeed, let's prevent using the word locking

Author: 1. Fair point, as many discord users have asked about locking period too
2. Ok with adding DAI bond to the mix. But re-reading the sentence, do you find the repeated use of "token" sound monotonous? Thinking of removing it in some places (e.g. stake $OHM tokens for more $OHM), but may cause inconsistency

Reviewer: Feel free to use the `token` wording everywhere. Using the cash tags should be good enough IMO.

Governance participants can get involved on our forum and through discussions on our discord. We are always looking for new community members to contribute!

## How can I benefit from Olympus?

> The main benefit for stakers comes from supply growth. The protocol mints new $OHM tokens from the bond proceed, 90% of which are distributed to the stakers. Thus, the gain for stakers will come from their auto-compounding balances, though price exposure remains an important consideration. That is, if the increase in token balance outpaces the potential drop in price (due to inflation), stakers would make a profit.

Reviewer: As per my understanding 90% of $OHM are staked but that is not equivalent to what is actually being distributed. Are we sure this explanation here is correct?

Reviewer 2: 90% from the profits from DAI bonds are distributed to stakers, but there are other sources of income as well

Reviewer: I see. I was not aware of this. Since this page is the intro, should we prevent being too number focused and keep it simple? I can also see that these parameters change over time. Maybe we can limit more exact and technical documentation to one place so that we over time only have to keep one place updated.

Author: > 90% from the profits from DAI bonds are distributed to stakers, but there are other sources of income as well

I think the other sources of income here refer to the fees earned by the SLP and also Sushi earned from onsen pool

Author: > I see. I was not aware of this. Since this page is the intro, should we prevent being too number focused and keep it simple? I can also see that these parameters change over time. Maybe we can limit more exact and technical documentation to one place so that we over time only have to keep one place updated.

Ok, I will leave the number out

No one. Olympus is DAO-governed. All decisions are formed by community members on the forum and made by token holders through snapshot voting.

## Official links
1. [Website](https://olympusdao.finance)
2. [Twitter](https://twitter.com/OlympusDAO)
3. [Medium](https://olympusdao.medium.com)
4. [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/olympusdao)

> 5. [Forum](https://forum.olympusdao.finance)

Reviewer: Would bullet points be enough or do you have a particular reason for an ordered list?

Reviewer 2: Maybe add the following as well:
6. [Snapshot](https://vote.olympusdao.finance)

Author: > Maybe add the following as well:
> 6. [Snapshot] http://vote.olympusdao.finance/

Should I use scattershot link (https://scattershot.page/#/olympusdao.eth/) instead? I can only access http://vote.olympusdao.finance after disabling HTTPS-only mode, other users may find it suspicious. Also, the link would ultimately redirect to scattershot page

Reviewer: +1 on TLS and Scattershot link.

Author: > Would bullet points be enough or do you have a particular reason for an ordered list?

Didn't think too much when adding this. I will switch to bullet points since there is no reason to order them
